oh ho 10 secret phone features you'll
start using right away smartphones are
basically everything these days they
allow you to save any type of
information you need and multitask
easily and even though we are all
experienced smartphone users it's pretty
much impossible to know all the tips and
hacks because smart phones are getting
more and more advanced adding a lot of
new and useful features you probably
don't even have a clue about now I know
I didn't so that's why brightside
collected some handy tips for iOS and
Android users did you know you can take
photos while you're filming a video and
make your password a current time listen
carefully for these and many other cool
phone hacks number 10 block ads
[Music]
well that's worth the price of admission
right there we all know this annoying
moment when you have an important level
to pass or battle to win and at the most
inopportune moment there it is an ad and
usually you just closed them one after
the other
but you can block them completely by a
couple of clicks just turn on the
airplane mode on your phone and the
problem is solved this method will work
on both iOS and Android however there is
a certain disadvantage of doing this
while this mode is on you won't be able
to make or receive calls in some cases
it may be a good addition though it is
nice sometimes to socially disappear for
a moment to spend some quality quiet
time alone playing some games and
chilling number 9 Wi-Fi passwords boy do
I need this one when you have a couple
of sources of Wi-Fi your phone
conveniently memorizes all the needed
passwords there's just one thing off
about it every time you connect to a new
Wi-Fi your phone shows you dots instead
of the actual password letters on your
screen but what if you need to quickly
connect the other device to the certain
source of Wi-Fi and you don't remember
the password there is an answer for
Android users the app called Wi-Fi
password show it will allow you to see
all the Wi-Fi passwords that have ever
been entered into your phone
no more dots and dots a very interesting
theme now you'll see the exact password
for every source you need makes it way
easier to share with your friends and
make sure you'll be able to have an
internet connection in any situation
[Music]
number eight create your own reply for
missed calls if you're an iPhone user
you probably know that you can send text
responses with a single tap whenever you
happen to miss a call
usually these responses are quite basic
such as call you later
on my way how the heck did you get this
number not really and a couple of other
options not that many people know about
this but you can create your own text
for any occasion possible just go to
settings choose phone then respond with
text and voila here you can make your
message that will be sent to your
contacts even though it's a little
feature it's still kind of cool isn't it
use your imagination and create cute
informative or funny text to your own
liking like how the heck did you get
this number
number 7 Android guess mode when you
give someone your phone a lot of the
times at the back of your mind you start
to think that now this person may have
access to any of your personal
information that you want to keep
private if you're an Android user you
don't need to worry about this stuff
anymore
all you have to do is turn to a guest
mode to switch it on simply tap the user
icon in the top right corner of the
quick settings panel then tap guest
there you have it for now on your
personal data will be safe and sound
until you turn this mode off
[Music]
number six secret iPhone codes by
tapping different codes you can unlock a
number of hidden and useful functions on
your phone for example you can hide your
number for an outgoing call with one
simple code if you enter star pound
three one pound you will hide the number
for all calls if you need it just for
one certain call you can type pound
three one pound right before the number
you're calling this will be handy right
in fact there are a lot of codes you may
find quite fun and fascinating not only
for iPhone and Android but also for
other devices subscribe to our channel
to see our other video about amazing
phone codes that will upgrade your level
of phone using and there is even more to
come don't miss it really don't number
five audio timer if you are a big lover
of listening to audiobooks or falling
asleep to calm or not so calm music the
next feature was definitely made just
for you simply speaking it's an audio
timer that will allow your device to
turn off all the audio at a certain time
now this is available only to iOS users
though and takes only a couple of quick
and easy steps first and foremost go-to
timer and choose its length tap when
timer ends and select stop playing at
the bottom select set and start your
timer when your timer goes off any audio
currently playing will stop no more low
battery in the mornings sleep tight and
don't worry about anything your phone
will do it for you
[Music]
number four take photos while shooting
videos there it is another one of the
coolest features that your iPhone has
taking photos while filming a video if
you've always wanted to combine the two
listen up exactly how to do it on your
device this option is available for all
the iPhone models from iphone 5 and
onward maybe you already guessed how it
works the algorithm is as simple as can
be you just need to tap the camera
button which appears on the screen with
the shutter button and done now you have
a photo and you're still recording your
video without any pauses or other
interruptions your screen will just
blink to let you know that the photo is
taken thank God for technology in all
the other stuff too
[Music]
number three share content immediately
there is one more way to share content
right away for Android users for this
you'll need to bring your phones
together to let the magic happen no
wires need it so without further ado
here's how to do this tap the share icon
in any app choose Android Beam from the
list of options and then just put the
devices together back to back a couple
more seconds and your mission has
successfully been obtained it works not
only on phones but some of the tablets
as well using Android Beam allows you to
send any types of files you want
including mp3s
websites pictures and even map
directions this feature definitely is
worth a try so try it
[Music]
number two keyboard and mouse if it is
necessary Android users can easily use
keyboard or mice this can be very useful
if your display is damaged or if you
just need to type a lot of text all you
need to do to attach a keyboard or Mouse
to your Android phone is a USB on-the-go
cable using this simple technique you
will be able to control your device in a
whole other way by using a mouse cursor
and clicking on things you usually tap
sending text messages or important
documents by email also becomes way
easier when your keyboard is connected
directly to your device the same
principle applies to connecting game
pads as well feel free to use your phone
just the way you want and number one
screen lock time password how many times
did you panic for a couple of seconds or
even minutes that you can't remember
your screen lock password correctly this
happens from time to time right it can
be challenging to find a combination
that will pop into your mind at any
given moment but with this new app it'll
be a piece of cake the app is called
screen lock time password and it will
make your phone's current time or any
other option related to time its lock
screen password just look at the clock
and unlock your phone with the current
numbers whoever thought of this gets a
standing ovation from me your password
changes all the time and you don't have
to worry if someone might have seen your
password as you unlocked your phone Hey
what are you looking at man it's a great
way to make your password easier for you
and harder for other people
now do you know any other useful hidden
functions of your phone share them with
us in the comment section don't forget
to give us a like share this video with
your friends and subscribe to our
Channel
stay on the bright side
[Music]